Yes
I’ve divorced her
And I did not cheat during the marriage
Yes,
we’re both single
So how is that cheating?
This is just us loving freely
Please give us your blessings
If that’s the case
can we see the divorce agreement?
Right, talk is cheap without proof
How can people believe you?
Give me 3 days
In 3 days
I will publicly release the divorce agreement
You’re looking for me?
Was it you?
You skipped the shoot on purpose
Lured me to a hotel
and recorded me on video
Ye Qi Luo
What did I ever do to deserve this from you?
Get lost!
What?
Does it hurt?
Let me take you to the hospital
You’re not going
You haven’t answered my question yet
Su Man
You’re insane